---
tags:
  - "#meeting"
date: 2025-02-14
people: Jonah Coffelt, Dr. Hammad
---
# Revisiting Previous Discussions
- Why was $R=P+S$ used for risk rather than $R=P\cdot S$ in [A risk-based model for human-artificial intelligence conflict resolution in process systems](A%20risk-based%20model%20for%20human-artificial%20intelligence%20conflict%20resolution%20in%20process%20systems.md)?
	- I looked into some works on risk and found that in most cases, as you said, risk was a product of these two measures. My best guess would be that risk is typically a scalar used to evaluate the expected utility or harm of an action or choice, whereas here the authors' model uses a vector form of risk that can be minimized on two axes.
- What models of human decision making could we use?
	- After a ***very*** brief survey, it seems that the most relevant decision making models would be graph based decision trees. A popular model is the Vroom-Yetton-Jago model, which involves sequential binary questions which lead the agent to a particular decision. I will definitely keep an eye out for this in my readings. 
	- [Simulink](https://www.mathworks.com/products/simulink.html)???
	- I did however find some interesting descriptive human decision making topics. [Information overload](https://courses.washington.edu/pbafhall/514/514%20Readings/Hall-OBHDP.pdf) could be interesting to consider in how AI presents data to human agents. Decision fatigue could be interesting in plant or operator situations. 
- Cybersecurity concerns
	- [Securing Agentic AI - Threats, Risks and Mitigation](Securing%20Agentic%20AI%20-%20Threats,%20Risks%20and%20Mitigation.md)

# New Discussions
- [Flow – A Modular Approach to Automated Agentic Workflow Generation](Flow%20–%20A%20Modular%20Approach%20to%20Automated%20Agentic%20Workflow%20Generation.md)

# Notes
- Work on a procedure (sequence of tasks) that would im

# Todo
- [ ]     